README.md, before:

<img src="./banner.png" />

# Hi, I'm Sergio <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1303154/88677602-1635ba80-d120-11ea-84d8-d263ba5fc3c0.gif" width="28px" alt="hi">

- 👷 I’m currently working on a complete redesign of my personal portfolio and other projects to improve my skills.
- 👀 I like working with React, Vue, Next js, Gatsby and Node js.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Flutter and mobile development.
<!-- - 😄 I’m looking to collaborate on JavaScript, React, Vue, JAMstack, FullStack development. -->

<img align="right" alt="GIF" src="https://github.com/abhisheknaiidu/abhisheknaiidu/blob/master/code.gif?raw=true" width="500" height="320" />

## More About Me

Hi, I'm Sergio. I've a bachelor's degree on Civil Engineering. I worked as a Civil Engineer for over 6 years before a decided to make some professional changes. I started learning to code back in college creating very simple applications for career related topics. 

I started learning web development on my free time and after some practice and learning I decided to make a complete turn and start working as a developer full time. 


## :inbox_tray:Blogging and Writing
Apart from coding, I also mantain my personal blog/portfolio. You can find my articles on my website [sergiobarria.com]

### Latest Posts
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [How to link and display your latest blog posts to your Github profile](https://www.sergiobarria.com/blog/how-to-link-and-display-your-latest-blog-post-to-your-github-profile)
- [How to create and edit your Github profile](https://www.sergiobarria.com/blog/how-to-create-and-edit-your-github-profile)
- [How to add RSS feed to Next.js site](https://www.sergiobarria.com/blog/how-to-add-rss-feed-to-next-js-site)
- [My personal portfolio got some improvements](https://www.sergiobarria.com/blog/my-personal-portfolio-got-some-improvements)
- [5 Common mistakes beginners make when learning to code](https://www.sergiobarria.com/blog/5-common-mistakes-beginners-make-when-learning-to-code)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

## Programming Languages and Tools I use

[![Javascript Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Javascript-F0DB4F?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=javascript&logoColor=F0DB4F)](#) [![Typescript Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Typescript-007acc?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=typescript&logoColor=007acc)](#) [![Python Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-python-3674A7?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=python&logoColor=3674A7)](#)

### Markup and Styling

[![HTML Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-html-E54C22?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=html5&logoColor=E54C22)](#) [![CSS Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-css-1672B7?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=css3&logoColor=1672B7)](#) [![SASS Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-sass-CE679A?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=sass&logoColor=CE679A)](#) [![Tailwind Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-tailwind-18BAB9?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=18BAB9)](#)

### Frameworks and Additional Tools

[![React Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DBFB?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=react&logoColor=61DBFB)](#) [![Vue Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vue-41B983?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=Vue.js&logoColor=41B983)](#) [![Gatsby Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gatsby-533885?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=gatsby&logoColor=533885)](#) [![Next Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next-000000?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=next.js&logoColor=ffffff)](#) [![Nodejs Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nodejs-3C873A?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=node.js&logoColor=3C873A)](#) [![Django Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Django-50BE95?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=django&logoColor=50BE95)](#)

### Databases

[![MongoDB Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-14AA52?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=mongodb&logoColor=14AA52)](#) [![Postgres Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-postgres-34668F?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=postgresql&logoColor=34668F)](#) [![Firebase Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-firebase-FFCB2D?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=firebase&logoColor=FFCB2D)](#)

### Headless CMS

[![Strapi Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-strapi-8B71FD?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black)](#) [![Contenful Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-contentful-F3DF21?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black)](#) [![Sanity Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-sanity-E9544F?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black)](#)


## :chart_with_upwards_trend:General Stats
<p align="center"> <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sergiobarria&theme=gotham&show_icons=true" alt="sergiobarria" /> </p>
<p align="center"> <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sergiobarria&layout=compact&theme=gotham" alt="sergiobarria" /> </p>
<!-- [![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sergiobarria&theme=dark&show_icons=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sergiobarria&layout=compact&theme=dark)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->

### Reach me out!:mailbox: 

[![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@sergioBarria01-1ca0f1?style=flat&labelColor=1ca0f1&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/sergioBarria01)](https://twitter.com/sergioBarria01) [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sergio%20Barria-0e76a8?style=flat&labelColor=0e76a8&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergiobarria/) [![Mail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sergio%20Barria-c0392b?style=flat&labelColor=c0392b&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:sbarria.dev@gmail.com)



<!-- Links definitions -->
[sergiobarria.com]: https://www.sergiobarria.com/
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/sergioBarria01
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergiobarria/

Commit message:

update banner, add wakatime, remove gif

README.md, after:

<img src="./banner.png" />

# Hi, I'm Sergio <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1303154/88677602-1635ba80-d120-11ea-84d8-d263ba5fc3c0.gif" width="28px" alt="hi">

[![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/3cbe3c90-aefe-4b06-9cbe-bb590e0a7e56.svg)](https://wakatime.com/@3cbe3c90-aefe-4b06-9cbe-bb590e0a7e56)

- 👷 I’m currently working on a complete redesign of my personal portfolio and other projects to improve my skills.
- 👀 I like working with React, Vue, Next js, Gatsby and Node js.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning cross-platform mobile development with tools like React Native and Flutter.

<!-- <img align="right" alt="GIF" src="https://github.com/abhisheknaiidu/abhisheknaiidu/blob/master/code.gif?raw=true" width="500" height="320" /> -->

## More About Me

Hi, I'm Sergio. I've a bachelor's degree on Civil Engineering. I worked as a Civil Engineer for over 6 years before a decided to make some professional changes. I started learning to code back in college creating very simple applications for career related topics.

I started learning web development on my free time and after some practice and learning I decided to make a complete turn and start working as a developer full time.

## :inbox_tray:Blogging and Writing

Apart from coding, I also mantain my personal blog/portfolio. You can find my articles on my website [sergiobarria.com]

### Latest Posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->

- [How to link and display your latest blog posts to your Github profile](https://www.sergiobarria.com/blog/how-to-link-and-display-your-latest-blog-post-to-your-github-profile)
- [How to create and edit your Github profile](https://www.sergiobarria.com/blog/how-to-create-and-edit-your-github-profile)
- [How to add RSS feed to Next.js site](https://www.sergiobarria.com/blog/how-to-add-rss-feed-to-next-js-site)
- [My personal portfolio got some improvements](https://www.sergiobarria.com/blog/my-personal-portfolio-got-some-improvements)
- [5 Common mistakes beginners make when learning to code](https://www.sergiobarria.com/blog/5-common-mistakes-beginners-make-when-learning-to-code)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

## Programming Languages and Tools I use

[![Javascript Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Javascript-F0DB4F?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=javascript&logoColor=F0DB4F)](#) [![Typescript Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Typescript-007acc?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=typescript&logoColor=007acc)](#) [![Python Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-python-3674A7?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=python&logoColor=3674A7)](#)

### Markup and Styling

[![HTML Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-html-E54C22?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=html5&logoColor=E54C22)](#) [![CSS Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-css-1672B7?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=css3&logoColor=1672B7)](#) [![SASS Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-sass-CE679A?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=sass&logoColor=CE679A)](#) [![Tailwind Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-tailwind-18BAB9?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=18BAB9)](#)

### Frameworks and Additional Tools

[![React Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DBFB?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=react&logoColor=61DBFB)](#) [![Vue Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vue-41B983?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=Vue.js&logoColor=41B983)](#) [![Gatsby Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gatsby-533885?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=gatsby&logoColor=533885)](#) [![Next Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next-000000?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=next.js&logoColor=ffffff)](#) [![Nodejs Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nodejs-3C873A?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=node.js&logoColor=3C873A)](#) [![Django Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Django-50BE95?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=django&logoColor=50BE95)](#)

### Databases

[![MongoDB Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-14AA52?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=mongodb&logoColor=14AA52)](#) [![Postgres Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-postgres-34668F?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=postgresql&logoColor=34668F)](#) [![Firebase Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-firebase-FFCB2D?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black&logo=firebase&logoColor=FFCB2D)](#)

### Headless CMS

[![Strapi Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-strapi-8B71FD?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black)](#) [![Contenful Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-contentful-F3DF21?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black)](#) [![Sanity Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-sanity-E9544F?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=black)](#)

## :chart_with_upwards_trend:General Stats

<div>
  <img height="150" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sergiobarria&theme=gotham&show_icons=true" alt="sergiobarria" />

  <img height="150" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sergiobarria&layout=compact&theme=gotham" alt="sergiobarria" alt="sergiobarria" />

  <img height="150" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=sergiobarria&v=2" alt="sergiobarria" />
</div>

### Reach me out!:mailbox:

[![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@sergioBarria01-1ca0f1?style=flat&labelColor=1ca0f1&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/sergioBarria01)](https://twitter.com/sergioBarria01) [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sergio%20Barria-0e76a8?style=flat&labelColor=0e76a8&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergiobarria/) [![Mail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sergio%20Barria-c0392b?style=flat&labelColor=c0392b&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:sbarria.dev@gmail.com)

<!-- Links definitions -->

[sergiobarria.com]: https://www.sergiobarria.com/
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/sergioBarria01
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sergiobarria/
